don't bring anyone love into this and
with Tim yes pros so I know you guys are
some machines within remixes they keep
coming in it's my favorite thing right
it is so fantastic
[Music]
[Applause]
this is machines within by Michael
Hodgdon he turn it out
[Music]
yeah
you like it yeah this is how I hear - I
heard it in my head what's it's how i
heared it see right here did i heard
today - 16
[Music]
it's great by the way this Halloween
season - perfect we're gonna Murat right
shall we
it's a good song I love it
[Music]
I like it Michael good job we're gonna
flow working on my flows all the haters
haters here is F all the haters rage
against the machines within oh my god
why didn't we think of that by Pete from
one and a quarter
okay that's who made this one here piece
[Music]
yeah like that I like that terminator
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
good it's really good
yep
[Music]
TSST TSST TSST
so 16
[Music]
[Applause]
it's pretty good it's really good
by the way I think I already said this
but I don't know if I said it only to
you off camera and not on the show but
the other really crazy thing that
surprised me going back to the Lambo
thing was how many people were like the
internet always kicks you in the balls
I got like hundreds and hundreds of
people being like so happy for you
people were like oh you're rich fuck you
which was like all right man like that
was their take on it I got it like I
used to like you so critics such a crazy
reaction yeah but the majority of people
were like so happy for you man yeah
eduation I will say that our our fans
are genuinely nice very nice sweet and
supportive of stuff and that's it is so
refreshing on the internet which is a
wasteland of hatred yeah that's what I'm
saying
I know so it's nice that just that was
just a real quick I know it doesn't make
a nice comment on Twitter or anywhere it
blows me away
people are kind you're like what your
you know I'm in this douche-mobile
$300,000 and like people are just gonna
be like and there's a few but if you
read through the comments on my
Instagram and it's mostly people going
you earned it congratulations with it
man machines within yeah I did see a
bunch of machines with it yeah but
anyways I thought that was actually very
surprising yes
machines women also came in with video
and music submissions get the fuck outta
here have a few of these OMG
machines we then machines within yeah
I'm talking about machines we've been
terminated on gotta terminate a gun
somebody the gun gotta terminate a gun
[Laughter]
Luke Luke killed it with the redneck
version of machines within incredible
that harmonica work is amazing guys a
really talented
harmonica player right there that was
really actually and I don't I'm not a
huge fan of the harmonica yeah and I
really enjoyed that that's great yeah
that guy's talented yeah there's more a
lot Tommy Christina this is a ukulele
version of machines have been pulled
away from the UK
[Music]
crabbers crabbers yeah dude thank you
that was awesome
fantastic what an amazing audience we
have you know International
International and that was another one
came in shut up hey Nate from Indy
alright the second song yeah on the
album
[Music]
[Applause]
the machines with
[Music]
she crazy
[Applause]
[Music]
happy
what is real
[Music]
[Applause]
hey hey
spiritually from how Wow
what's amazing wow that's a nate from
indie incredible somebody I mean I feel
like I'm serious there's so many
incredibly musically inclined people who
listen to this show
I'm who knew such talented people I
thought was all just darrell acts like
us and listen I know but there's really
talented people
[Music]